helpTextID	frmName	Title	HelpText
1	frmRFIRouting	View RFI	View a print-preview of the current RFI.
2	frmRFIRouting	Cancel RFI	You can cancel an RFI at any point in the process. Typical reasons to cancel an RFI: 1) the information requested is no longer required; 2) the information was received prior to the RFI being transmitted.
3	frmRFIRouting	Submit RFI to Concurrence	Once draft RFI is complete, submit to secondary review for RFI concurrence. The RFI Item Type will dictate who must complete concurrence: RPA = PAGS; Project = PDM.
4	frmRFIRouting	Concurrence Review Complete	Marks the letter signed and indicates who completed the review. The RFI Item Type will dictate who must complete concurrence: RPA = PAGS; Project = PDM.
5	frmRFIRouting	RFI Transmitted to Applicant	Date the RFI was transmitted to the Applicant is required.
6	frmRFIRouting	Assess Information Received	Opens RFI Item Assessment Form. First, the date each requested item is received is noted (typically by the PDM). This generates a task to the creator of the RFI to assess whether or not the item is accepted (i.e. does it satisfy the reason requested?)
7	frmRFIRouting	RFI Complete	Marks the RFI fully satisfied / closed. This will return the RFI to the originating review.
8	frmRFIResponseAssessment	Requested Item Received	This task is typically completed by the assigned PDM. The date the item was received must be noted prior to submission. This generates a task to the creator of the RFI to assess whether or not the item is accepted (i.e. does it satisfy the reason requested?). If the item is not accepted by the RFI creator, the applicant should be notified of the deficiency and need to resubmit the item. Additionally, in the case where a response is not accepted, the task will be reworked to "Pending Receipt" by the RFI creator and the the date received will be erased --- Don't worry, PARIS will save the date in a safe place each time an item is received.
9	frmRFIResponseAssessment	Requested Item Assessed	You must select if the item received satisfies the reason requested (Y/N) prior to submission. If the response is not accepted (N), rework back to "Pending Receipt". The RFI creator must provide comments regarding how the deficiency can be appropriately addressed by the Applicant. Once all items have been accepted, mark the RFI complete.
10	frmRFIResponseAssessment	About This Form	You must click the left-most tab to bring the appropriate item into focus before completing your review.
